samples: matter: Enable factory data support on nRF54L15 target. (#14755)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter
------

> * Added support for merging the generated factory data HEX file with the firmware HEX file utilizing the device tree configuration, when Partition Manager is not enabled in the Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for merging the generated factory data HEX file with the firmware HEX file by using the devicetree configuration, when Partition Manager is not enabled in the project.
```
